Since we have already setup the environment, it is time to get our hand wet. For programming learning the first class is always hello world, but the "hello world" program for solana is far more complicate than what you might think about.
For lots programming language the "hello world" might be a print statement and it is done, but for "hello world" of solana, we need to capture all keypoints of solana development, when you complete the "hello world" case, you are all most
half way on the graduation.

Let's using command "anchor init hello_world" to generate an empty project, then go into ./hello_world/program/hello_world/lib.rs, as you can see, the compilation result of the project would be a library instead of a excutable. We will go into
the details of the project structure in later section, for now we can see the project is made of two kinds of files, one is "rs" file which is used for rust code, the other is "ts" file, which is typescript code, let's focus on the part of
rust first.

In order to understand the design logic of solana program, we need something we may familiar as a ladder to climb into the realm of solana program. Think about how you design a backend system for banking service which can enable user to
register, transfer fund in which is increasing the balance and transfer fund out which is decreasing the balance. We will take a design patter which is like micro-service, we should have a backend service component which providing restful
api endpoint:

1, register, which enable user to create an account by receiving user name and password of user, and receive a small amount of fund such as 1 penny to active his/her account, then return an token to the endpoint caller.

2, increase_balance, which receive the token and given amount of fund from user, the token is generated by the register endpoint and used to verify the identity of user, and the number is used to indicate the increase amount of balance.

3, decrease_balance, which receive the the token which is used to verify the identity of the user and a number to inidcate the amount need to reduce from the balance.

we also need other kind of service, one is the database service, this service will hold info about the given user, when user call register endpoint, the database service will create a record to save info about the user, such as name,
sex, and especially the balance info. We also need one service which can be name system program, it is responsible managing database resources, when the register endpoint is called, the api service will ask the system program to allocate
a new record in the database component for holding info about the new user, when the user decide to delete his account, the api endpoint will ask system program to remove the given record.

api endpoint is responsible for executing business logic. For example when the increase_balance endpoint is called, the endpoint will check the identity of the user by looking at the token, then ask the database component to increase the
number of balance for the given user, when user ask for transfering fund about from his account by calling endpoint of decrease_balance, the endpoint will check the identity of the user by looking at the token and then check the banalce of
the given user has enough fund or not, if it is, then it will ask database component to reduce given amount from the balance number.

Base on above fundation, we can goto analyze the code in the lib.rs, For the hellow world project, we will going to design a counter, and provide functions to increase , decrease, or set arbitrary value of counter， for different user whill
have their own couter, user A can only act one its own couter and not allowed to do anything on counter belongs to user B, is this looks like the bank service we mentioned above? When we look at the code in lib.rs, there is a declare_id! with
a chunk of string, we can take that as the ip address for the restful endpoint we metion above, and the initialize function inside the hello_world module is just like the register endpoint, the context will contain identity like user name 
and password of given user, and this function will initialize a counter for the given user.

Using "anchor build" will compile the code and there would be a folder with name "target" created, when we look into the folder, in the subfolder of "deploy", we will find a hello_world.so inside, this is the executable we need to deploy 
to solana blockchain, just like the restful endpoint, all the code in the project is passive which means they don't execute on their own, they need to be called by others. Now let's deploy this barebone app to solana devnet first, the 
devnet is used for the purpose of designing.

In order to deploy out library to the solana dev blockchain, we need the help of RPC endpoint, solana has its own rpc endpoint for sending our lib to blockchain but at the time of my recording, this endpoint sucks, that is if you use the
endpoint provided by solana ： https://api.devnet.solana.com， you may likely get the timeout error, since there are too many people using this endpoints, I looking around by using google and find the following endpoint is workable:

https://rpc.ankr.com/solana_devnet

at the time you look at this video, the given endpoint may be sucks too, then you need to look for other endpoint by using google. Now goto Anchor.toml which is located at the root of the project, and go to the provider section change its 
content as following:

```rs
[provider]
cluster = "https://rpc.ankr.com/solana_devnet"
wallet = "~/keypair-dev-4.json"
```
the value for cluster is used to select the rpc endpoint, and the wallet is used to be the deployer of the program, the wallet is just like the banking services provider above. Make sure the wallet has enough fund, you can use command of

```rs
solana airdrop 2 $(solana address -k ./keypair-dev-4.json)
```

to send 2 sol to the wallet setted in the provider section above. For blockchain application, computation resources is very precious, like cpu, memory, disk, the program deployer need to pay for these resources to enable blockchain nodes to
run you program. After setting the provider in Anchor.toml, then we can run the command to deploy the program:

```rs
anchor deploy
```

Wait for a monent you may see the message of "deploy success". Now it is time to mention a concept used by solana blockchain that is rent. When we deploy the program to the chain, we need to ask node which holding the program to allocate
some memory to run the program, the size of memory used by the program is the volumn of the library, the uint of volumn is byte, for example if our compiled hello_world.so is 200 bytes, then we need to pay certain amount of sol for holding 
it, the fee for this is called rent, we can compute it by using command:

```rs
solana rent 200
```
Then it will computed the money that will deduct from the given wallet setted aboved. For our learning purpose, we wan't care about this, since we can get the fake money by calling solana airdrop, therefore we allocate enough memory for
our program at once, we can running following command to allocate 20,000 bytes for our program:

```rs
solana program extend 5uZL9o81FehpUtQrFjNtgZHkW1VAhXCZn5AdvJayhwQP 20000 -u d -k ~/keypair-dev-4.json
```
Then the nodes in blockchain will allocate 20000 bytes for the running of our program. Notice we never do this in real production, since we need to pay for every byte we used, we do this only for the convinent of learning. 
Now let's focus on the logic of code, we need to familiar with onde concept for solana that is account, as we metion the database component in banking service above, we need to allocate memory to for saving code, there is a special entity
responsible for this which has name program account, and we need to ask nodes to allocate memory for saving data, then we need an entity for this purpose which has name storage account, each acount will map to a wallet, and the money in the
wallet will deduct for given memory. 

For blockchain application, the most important purpose is managing assets which is represented by tokens, therefore we need an entity responsible for handling tokens such as receiving or sending token, this entity has name token account. 
Therefore when we say program account, we refer to the program code hoding on the blockchain, when we say storage account we are referring to memory allocated for saving data on the chain, and when we say token account, we are referring 
for data structure allocated on the chain for holding info about token info.

There is also a system program which play a crucial role, it just like the sytem program we metioned in above, its responsibility is ask blockchain to allocate given size of memory then init that
block of data according to struct we define, or checking previlege when some action need to act on given chunk of data such as increase the value of given field or transfering token, is very like 
the system program that allocate data record for new user we metion above.


